c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\NEXP.exe
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\NEXP.pdb
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Content\About.baml
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.baml
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.baml
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Content\About.g.cs
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.g.cs
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.g.cs
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP.g.resources
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP.exe
c:\users\workshop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP.pdb
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP.exe
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP.pdb
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Content\About.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Content\About.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP.g.resources
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\NEXP.exe
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\NEXP.pdb
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP.exe
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP.pdb
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP.exe
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP.pdb
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\NEXP.exe
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\NEXP.pdb
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Content\About.baml
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.baml
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.baml
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Content\About.g.cs
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.g.cs
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.g.cs
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\users\workshop\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP.g.resources
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\NEXP.exe
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\NEXP.pdb
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Content\About.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Content\About.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP.g.resources
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\NEXP_Content.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\ArrangeConditions.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\BlockAndTrial.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\DetermineVariables.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\ResearchQuestion.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\SetInstructionsProcedures.baml
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\ArrangeConditions.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\BlockAndTrial.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\DetermineVariables.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\ResearchQuestion.g.cs
D:\Code\GitHub\NEXP\NEXP\NEXP\obj\Debug\Pages\SetInstructionsProcedures.g.cs
